# REPORT ON OPPORTUNITY SUMMIT IN COLLABORATION WITH AAVE PROTOCOL
Our project was an educational event dubbed opportunity summit. Per the outlook of the project, the proposal was divided into two phases, the first phase was an in-person event and the other phase is an online event. The funding received by our team covered the first part of our program, that’s the in-person event. The in-person event came off on the 19th of November, 2022 at Methodist University, Dansoman-Ghana. Despite our limited time for the event, we embarked on radio and media Advertisements to attract more audience. Our media advertisements included both traditional and social media advertisements. As a reference, we’ll attach images of our social media advertisement to this report, in which we tagged the Aave protocol handles. The event covered three thematic areas; that’s the history money, fundamentals of blockchain and Aave protocol. We hosted three guest speakers, with each speaker presenting on their subject area for at least 30minus. Most importantly, our last speaker highlighted on the opportunities available within the Aave protocol ecosystem and the potential it offers young entrepreneurs and developers to actualise their ideas by accessing funding and also developing their ideas on the Aave protocol blockchain, with assistance from the Aave protocol team. At the end of the presentation, a question-and-answer section was provided to our audience to exhaust all their questions. Finally, we recorded the details of our audience for a follow up to ensure they eventually become active members within the Aave protocol community; aside that we also provided refreshment at the end of the event. Overall, the program was very interactive and successful but we’re convinced that we could improve upon this success in subsequent event. The next phasis of our project is our online event; the expectation is that, our online event will cover; the creation of Aave wallet and the staking of Aave coin. Per our milestone, both events were to achieve a combine total of;
* At least 100 attendees.
* Create Aave wallet accounts for at least 50 students.
* Additionally, as part of our milestone, we intended to Create a Aave social media community (WhatsApp, Telegram and YouTube) with 50 active followers.
* And mentor and assist at least 2 entrepreneurs and developers to build on the Aave Network.

## ACCOMPLISHED MILESTONES
From the first phase of our in-person event, the following milestones have been achieved;
70 attendees 
A WhatsApp group for aave protocol has been created 
The first phase was designed to build the foundation for awareness creation for the aave protocol. Therefore, it’s our expectation that we could achieve the other milestones in our next event which is scheduled to be solely online upon receipt of the rest of the funding grant.

## CHALLENGES 
The main challenge we faced was the delay in funding. As per our project roadmap, our project was to commence in October, at which time students would have been available for the event. But the funding for our project delayed more than expected, far behind our scheduled roadmap. This affected our event in several ways;
 Preparation: the delay in funding limited the timeline for preparation for the event. Eventually, we ought to reschedule the event to a different University to ensure we meet the milestones expected. Because, the calenda for the initially selected school didn’t permit the hosting of the event as the school was writing end of semester exams, considering the timelines.    
Attendance: Additionally, one of our main challenges was the difficulty in marketing the program to our target audience. Delay in funding drag the event to a week to end of semester examination. As stated, the limited time couldn’t allow us to market the program enough. Though we embarked on radio and social media advertisements, the timeframe was too short such that it eventually affected our expected number for our target audience.  
